Good day today I have for you
surprise i will show you a big private house
one floor which is in a quiet
Coal area of ​​the city ​​of Benidorm
guarded well developed
infrastructure pharmacy banks bus
stop shop for every taste
various institution for rest bars
cafes and snack bars and restaurants in walking
availability of the device is a new supermarket
to the beach 6 kilometers nearby is
English school and one of the biggest
sports palaces
the house is built on a plot of area behind
one and a half thousand square meters house
surrounded by a green fence
conceived is a large pine grove
where does the fragrant smell of pines and
very very clean air is big
green territory which has
automatic plans on the site are growing
tall palm trees of pine
a lot of green plants let's
see pool large pool
open its size is 12 ours and here there is
glasses are very comfortable as I told you
otherwise it has 1 floor
its area is 290 square
meters made in the classical style
but the highlight of it is that it has a very
old antique furniture
this is the main entrance to the house the door is very
old and more than two hundred years old wooden
very interesting finishes let's go
we are in the hallway
where there is a large wooden chest of drawers
a mirror
the hallway goes into a spacious hall where
we see the dining area
upholstered furniture tv big
handmade wooden table
the cabinet has a working fireplace for tons of firewood in
Spain costs 120 euros and the hall has a way out
on the terrace let's look at the terrace
there is a small seating area sofa
table and wooden chairs and access to
the whole terrace
next we get big
bright kitchen where is the modern
As for home appliances
gas stove extract oven toaster
Dishwasher
sink window in the courtyard various
kitchen cabinets
where you can store anything big
fridge
wooden shelves for clean dishes
dinner table
there is also access to the terrace for
there is a dining area here
begin a recreation area which includes
four bedrooms and 3 bathrooms
let's go see the first bathroom
the room does not have the original bathroom
window
marble sink
and a large mirror 1 bedroom which
the hosts used as a storage room
there is access to the terrace overlooking
pool
there is also a fan and two built-in
cabinet
look a lot of shelves go in
master bedroom from which there is access to
The terrace has various furniture.
bed mirror 4 built-in wardrobe
air conditioning system let's go to
bathroom
marble sink and small mirror
built-in lockers for personal items
shower and separate large
standing closet let's see the nursery
zone with a large spacious room two
bedrooms and bathroom
this is our hall for changing two
built-in wardrobe
small table for tv
wooden newspaper table
upholstered furniture two ears further inherit
1 bedroom look in the bedroom there are two
small crib closet
the window a small nightstand lived here
kids so there are easels for
drawing the second bedroom is also available
two beds
study table window
cabinet fan and fitted wardrobes for
things and felting classic places scams
and look what an interesting marble
sink and mirror
small window and shower we are now
we are in the barbecue area
nearby is a small guest house
let's go and see
bunk bed small newspaper
historian
bedside two small windows and
wardrobe also has a toilet
elite English school with a fee
learning